I.A.Kouznetsov@uu.nl

Subject: Question on Lemma 3.7 of Elements of Applied Bifurcation Theory
Dear Professor Kouznetsov,

VERY BRIEFLY

I became interested in the derivation of the topological normal form of a
system undergoing an Andronov-Hopf bifurcation (Lemma 3.7 from Elements of
Applied Bifucation Theory, 2nd Edition). I could understood the derivation of
this lemma upto the last line (page 99) where you replace

\frac{l_1(\beta))}{|l_1(\beta)|}

with 

s=l_1(0).

In the statement of Lemma 3.7 you mentioned that a first equation can be
TRANSFORMED (I assumme exactly) into a second equation. But I understand that
the above replacement is an APPROXIMATION for \beta close to zero. Therefore,
if my understanding is correct, the first equation can only be approximated by
the second one for \beta close to zero.

I would appreciate if you let me know if my understanding is correct and the
second equation in Lemma 3.7 is a transformation or an approximation of the
first equation.

NOT SO BRIEFLY

I am new to dynamical systems. I am studying this subject from the book
Dynamical Systems in Neuroscience by Eugene Izhikevich (2007). I enjoy playing
with mathematics and when I arrived to Section 6.1.3 Supercritical
Andronov-Hopf of Izhikevich (2007) I decided to understand the derivations of
a few formulas from this section given without proof. This desire led me to
your book, which helped me understand almost perfectly the derivation in
Izhikevich (2007). I say almost due to the doubt mentioned above. More details
about the derivations I developed with the help of your boox in
https://sccn.ucsd.edu/~rapela/dynamicalSystems/izhikevich07/ch6/doc/andronovHopfBifurcations.pdf

I understand that the topological normal form proposed by Dr. Izhikevich in
Equations 6.8 and 6.9 used a similar approximation as the one you used in
Lemma 3.7 that I mentioned above. The exact topological normal form in
Izhikevich (2007) should use a(b) but the approximated toplogical normal form
uses a=a(0). Is Eugene using an approximated topological normal form also?

Cordially, Joaqu√≠n
