Dear Eugene,

I derived the formula for parameter d in the topological normal form in
Equations 6.8 and 6.9 of your book. When I used this formula to calculate this
parameter in the example of page 172, I realized that the values of parameters
a and d are interchanged in the penultimate paragraph on page 172, in the
subsequent formula of the topological normal form of the INap+IK model, and
the center and right panels of Figure 6.12 were computed with interchanged
parameters.

Section 3 in
https://sccn.ucsd.edu/~rapela/dynamicalSystems/izhikevich07/ch6/doc/andronovHopfBifurcations.pdf
provides details on the derivation of the formulas for parameters a and d.
Section 6 gives details on the calculation of the value of these parameters
for the Example on page 172 of your book. Section 7 plots the center and
right panels of Figure 6.12 of your book with the parameters in your book and
with their reversed values, and shows that the reversed values provide better
approximations to the numerical simulations.

I also think that Equations (6.8) and (6.9) are only an approximation of a
true topological normal form. An exact topological normal form should use
parameters dependent on the bifurcation parameter, as in the Poincar√© normal
form in Kuznetsov 2004 (Lemma 3.6). However, Equations (6.8) and (6.9) use the
value of these parameters evaluated at b=0. In Section 2 of the above document
I provide details on this issue and argue that an exact topological normal
form, with a constant coefficient for the cubic term, is given in Lemma 3.7 of
Kuznetsov 2004.

I hope this helps to make your excellent book at little better.

Cordially, Joaquin

PS: I copy Prof. Kuznetsov that helped me understand why the topological
normal form in Lemma 3.7 of his book is exact and Dr. Peter Rowat that has
adviced me in studying your book.

